🍿🍿🍿🍿 

I’m not sharing my popcorn. 
White people.
This is straight lie, it has to be Diane Abbot. 
PSA to any user in this sub! 

Do not trust anybody and dont be careless. You think youre among friends but youre not. We’ve been infiltrated by agents even in our mod team collaborate with them. Theyre conducting social engineering. Lie  often. The documentation of this sub users already started, dont be a fool. 

Remember this article;  [FBI terrorism unit says 'black identity extremists' pose a violent threat](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/oct/06/fbi-black-identity-extremists-racial-profiling). 
Cam you gotta DM that pic to the mods not here. 
No food to whoever dont pray, played major role to why I’m anti theist now. The regular african parent beating too, until certain age though. 
Yankee go home.
Is this news??
We need to protect the users from mod abuse, do not let them bullied into silence. Show Solidarity my dudes. ✊🏾
Just do it if you want. No one is stoping you.
There are scammers on this sub so careful my dudes. Report to the site admin when you see them, the mods approved those scams. 
When you see something say something. When you see the mod team bullying users and tag teaming say something. You need to stand up to bullies dont get intimitated. They ruined the sub and made circlejerk, fight back my dudes you got my solidarity. 

Dont forget we want public mod log.
Fuck no one believed in him. I’m really sorry for him.
I’m not sharing my popcorn. 
All Dominicans are racists.
Yes.
Do not forgot fellas; we want public mod log! 
Solidarity with our brothers in Haiti 🇭🇹✊🏾
First off all who are they?
All Dominicans are racists.
If you aint got no rhyme or hussle, DM me so I can ghostwrite for you as long as I get 15% of the karma. 
They got black players on their team like WTF
Bush is a war criminal.
Fuck you america.
Fellas ya'll want public mod log??

What is the mod log, you may ask? The mod log is a list of all moderator activity on the sub. This includes comment removals, post approvals, and any other action that requires moderator privileges. You can view the log with a link. 

Transparancy my dudes, dont get bullied.

Trash and cancerous mods, please go away. 
Global proletarian uprising. 
The East asians.
All the scouts are saying I’m trash but I believe in myself and think the best there ever was.
Ask people to post their tell/tale signs of digital blackface.
Ethiopia is not a kingdom. 
Powerful.
I dont like the dominicans.
Arm women.
The world is tired of your imperialism. Stay home yankees.
We dont know you are my dude. 

**“So, what is this sub really for?”**

*Anything else, really! Nothing is off limits. Arts, science, or politics. Wanna also talk about how your day went? Go for it! Wanna talk about how your day didn’t go? That’s cool, too. Post and upvote the content you want to see!*

*Both self-posts and linked posts are encouraged, as we want to encourage discussion, foster a sense of community, and provide a positive and inclusive space.*
Daily reminder for this sub's user. new and old, do no trust the mods of this sub. They have ulterior motive and we dont know who they are. Be careful my dudes.
All the luck to him
Trash mods.
Nuh, I’m not black anymore my dude I’m white soI'm  neither sexist or misogynist.
Phil Collins’ *In the air tonight*.
Youre a patient dude. Good luck whatever you do.
Keep that shit on your own my dude.
Its not over yet, read more books and think dialecticaly. Learn from history and see what we can do better. 21 century socialism will not look like from the previews ones. 

edit: 

>  What, like 400 in the USA make decisions for 400 mil? How is this democracy when a handful have all the power?

Its actually Bourgeois dictatorship a.k.a bourgeois democracy.

Give me that white privilege so I can say what black people have been saying since forever. I’ll get millions that way, white and black  liberals will look up to me and call me woke. 
They need help.
Doesnt matter what we think, communism is inevitable anyways. Hold your hats, you damn liberals.
What is this??
Please dont join us OP, I beg you. You others can join.
Can only happen under full communism. 

[Example.](https://youtu.be/pzqW0YaN2ho)
Trash mods.
Only people with weak sex game dirty talk during sex to compensate. Thats just fact.
Senseless violence.
Trash and cancerous mod, please step down.
What you mean fucked up? 
https://i.imgur.com/ZCcnuTk.jpg
Trash mods.
Listen the latest podcast episode. 
Fuck white supremacy.
Damn dude, thats an album cover right there. 
Candyman, it follows.
We need to find a cure for cancer as soon as possible. Cancer are so evolved they becoming mods. 

We need to fight back, nuke the tumors dude. 
Fuck the police.
> I wouldn't call him woke but he actually knows a decent amount about recognizing white privileg...

>Apparently he's only ever been attracted to black women but I'm like all right maybe he just has a black appreciation not a black fetish. I can usually clock those and stay away because being objectified like that makes me feel gross.

r/blackladies feels like a [parody sometimes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/blackladies/comments/74n6m5/thoughts_on_black_appreciation_vs_black_fetish/) Good lord.

Two weeks from now  "My tall, tan, blue eyed, muscular German SO is being racist to me" 

u/blacksubsonly, would love to know why you banned me? And thank you for making this sub blackladies 2.0. 

Fuck the circlejerk dude.. 
He got small dick.
[Django unchained shootout Scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbmDpEhAp48)
 with goddamn Tupac's "Untouchable". 

*"Expect me nigga like you expect Jesus to come back. Expect me nigga, I'm comin'."*
Because their mods and some users are cancer.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DLZHjEsXUAE_ukv?format=jpg&name=large
What a fucking thunder cunt.
Who the fuck say ”female”? That was fucking cringy.  
If someone need help, they better ask for it and I’ll gladly help. 
Yeezy 20/20
Is this a good show? I only watch cable shows. 
Fellas, we need you guys to show some love for the podcast. We did it for you guys. 
We terrorist now just by being black men? 
The liberal way of combating patriarchy. 

21 savage feminist icon. 
Damn nigerians are everywhere. 

u/blackintokyo88 you know this dude? 
We mainstream now fellas 
America, you need help. 
Its too early to feel this much rage, this sub is bad for my blood.
Thanks.
The wire, True detective, Breaking Bad, Dexter, Cowboy bebop. 
Push down and sit on it, its gonna explode on my face someday but thats future me’s problem not now me’s problem. 
No one watches the wnba. 
Friendship over J.
He was as white as Trump. 
Stop the baiting bro.
Rents, fucking blood sucking landlords.
You dont have to, unless you trust the mods which I recommend against. 
I cant wait for the season to start, dont even watch regular season matches, dont care anybody else but I want LeBron to kneel. We'll see what the league does. It would be shame if the NBA player cant or wont kneel. 
This is the way this society is build. Its dog eat dog out there and you got no one but yourself. You'll notice these toxic masculinity is alway prevalent in working class areas because the struggle is there.
Yo @ mods, you really need to put this questions at the FAQ. 
r/titlegore 

Athlets may be wage slaves like the rest of us, but dont know the modern day slavery thought here. We know you've been thinking about this topic but give us something to discuss here, J.
When did we become r/blackladies 2.0? 
Why do people watch other people playing games?


Making a transgender girl the head of the bank of america is not a way to combat patriarchy, calling black men white people is not changing the society. 

Trash liberals sitting on a high horse who just wanna feel good without changing anything are the worst.
Stop lying. 
The last boss of Wolfenstein is an asshole.
What does it have to with this sub? 

Damn dweebs.
Lets make him a millionaire fellas. If we all donate $100 each it will be more than 1M. 
Ugh... She's on my DM again being friendly.

She broke up with me like two years ago for her current boyfriend and I moved on but she's always on my DM, wanting to talk like we're friends and bringing memories and shit, like wtf do you want from me? 


We didnt speak for about 3 months now and that was the longest time we didnt speak, never did I DMed her since we broke up, always her taking the initiative. I want block her but I dont wanna be that dude.

She's feeling guilty and cant let go, worst, she feels sorry for me and always asking how I'm feeling and how sorry she is for hurting me and thats was all her faults. My answers are always short

Lenin for president, K. Marx will run the economie, J. stalin for internal affairs and we'll let Leon run the external affairs and the army because he wants to go on a worldwide tour.
LeBron's revenge tour is activated.
Why the fuck do they restric a damn video? Dont they need views.
Did you guys banned the haiku bot? 
Same way I feel about any artists other than Kendrick and Frank ocean, not at all. 
He had me at " to the left".
My fans are here. 
Proletarian upprising and full communism. 
CartmanDrinkingTears.gif
Solidarity!
I like my kidneys so the only think I use it is for my ego. 
Join the Black Live Movement instead.
U bum @CowboyBebop had the best anime theme of all time.
The west is fuegoo.
To all the whites brigading in here for some drama you can all suck my nuts. 
Support the North koreans right to exist and to protect themselves from the imperialists aggressor. 
I'm funny in my head and make myself laugh sometimes, people dont get my jokes though because theyre too advanced and you have to be conscious and awaken your third eye to get it. 
Yo, at the beginning of the summer I met this chick at this house party, she was pretty and got nice ass.

Just straight up told her, "Hello my name is Fred" lol and she Whispered "No, you're handsome". Asked her where she staying and told me down the street from Dominguez High. She then gave her diggits. 

The summer had passed and now I'm liking her more you know and I could imagine maybe wifing her. 

We know a lot bout each other, her mother was a crack addict, she lives with her granny and her younger two brothers and Her favorite cousin Demetrius was fed agent, that got me skeptical though but not enough to stop me from getting a nut lol

I wanna come over, what's up? That's what I told her soon as this episode Of Game of thrones go off. 


I'm on her way and the only think on my mind was bout that sex, thinking bout her thighs or maybe kissing on her neck, or maybe what positions next.

She waving me across the street I pulled up a smile on my face and then I see FBI agents, waiting and wanting to arrest me for the crime of lying and making this whole story up and that I used Kendrick Lamar's "Sherane". 

I froze as my phone rang
And Of course I will not take responsability and rather blame on you ladies, what ya gonna do about that? 
African Dissent is good and one of the best I hear.
Please, stay where you are. The whole continent is a powder is a powder keg. 

If you really have to go; go somewhere like Ghana or Namibia and maybe Nigeria.
Levi's, Nike cortez and white T-shirt with hammer and sickle.
u/Capitan_Amazing 

u/Chillustrator

u/Chauncii 

You're useless, why cant you go away? 
Damn squatters.
I can only do $10.
Yo, I'm tired of seeing your face. This Isnt your Facebook account, or better post on your subbreddit.
I'm not sharing my popcorn.
Not in my vocabulary.
Comments are under that post are salt mine.
I dont have a driver license, I mean I can drive but I have the attention span of a 5 year old. 

I did nothing but shitpost, masturbate, smoke weed, watch movies, this whole week. 
Gotta protect that white fragility.
Dude is high af
You GF is a fantastic host. 
I dont know you guys and I hate people I dont know. 
This episode of AFRICAN DISSENT^^^TM podcast casts were u/StacyTargaryen, u/conrosh, u/GeechieeSpaceMan, u/Mynotredditaccount and the moderator with the golden voice u/Mach-2
ITS FUEGO 🔥🔥
Finally people are waking up. Take the mantel. 
How's america not a police state? With work camp and political prisoner.


<3 J
Why do white people know about racism,  institutionalise racism, extreme poverty? 
Thanks fire bro.
r/The_dumbass, when? 
Its a must see documentary and its on Netflix. 
https://twitter.com/vanaman/status/906983575337107456

This.
[Remind me of this pic.](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/2966004/thumbs/o-LYNCHING-570.jpg?7) NSFW
The Secret Art Of Eating Pussy : Tips & Tricks To Please Her Every Time. 
My tolerance break is over and I smoked last night; fuck I was florred, threw up like a lil bich,10/10 will take another tolerance break soon. 
Top 3 ep.
Trash.
Hyped.
Why hide, just shave it off and rock that.
Can any of you fellas record the podcast for us tonight? 

We asking nicely and we pay in reddit Karma. 
Buying used panties, yeah its a no from me dawg. Maybe I'm cheap lol
*"When they called me, it was to say, 'Yes' or 'No,' " Lewis said. "We were going to close the deal to sign him … Steve Bisciotti said, 'I want to hear Colin Kaepernick speak to let me know that he wants to play football.' … And it never happens  because that picture comes up the next day."*

*If Diab hadn't posted those photos?*

*"Then he's flying him to Baltimore," Lewis said.*

Well, now we know tjis wasnt about football. Fuck the NFL and the owners, Mr Lewis too. 
Big thank you to u/mach-2 for putting this together and his goddamn marvelous voice.
This was great first episode but we gonna do better. We would love to hear some feedback if you listened or have podcasting experience.

No joke, we realised after we started recording that we're all african or have african background. So we gonna introduce a lot more folk from here for diversity, like u/mach-2 said, if you wanna contribute DM u/ezetheigwe.


Lastly, sorry for my bad english, accent and poor vocabulary lol english is not even my second language.
Somebody X-post this on r/blackladies. 
Here's the Discord invite too.

https://discordapp.com/invite/9Y3bymu
u/JustisForAll made the group.
We got PS4 group
Do yourself a favor a watch Sicario.
Whats up kev? 
https://i.imgur.com/e5JXtMa.png

r/blackfellas discord server is filled misogynists.
This is big. 
Who ever say mean things about my fat dad is got a problem with me. 
Please be good as season 1
[This thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Blackfellas/comments/6wz5ke/important_message_to_the_fellas/) I posted yesterday was an embarrassment to say the least. You should all be ashamed for being here in this sub and not getting the reference. I was quoting the mother of god herself. 

We need better mods to ban these people.

the mods.
Only watch amateur.
This man should be getting a state holiday in Illinois instead B. Obama.

The hero we never get to see.
I'm broke. 
Damn Yeezy, last time I did people accused me of misogyny but here i GO.

You're greasy as fuck and your head look dry and grey for some reason. You look you cried to sleep or did someone throatfuck you last night? 

What are you hiding behind those shades. 
Blatant death threat. These people lost their goddamn mind.
♥️
I believe that like animals music and songs should be free and should not be held captive in cages or playlists.

I'm against music cruelty. 
Its an armament against happy people.
Any lady in here looking for a lazy stay at home dad?
I blame no one but you for being a patetic looser you assholes and I refuse to take responsability.
Porn
Depends.
I've met some white chicks who all wanted to have a baby with me, they always made me feel like a sperm donor and kill my boner. 

At a party once, this white girl was telling me how she wanted to have an interracial baby and this white dude got mad at her for saying that and a debate broke out, I just took my beer and left. 
I cant see any difference between them and black democrats. 
Swim good.
Looks like painting to me.
If only Obama was G (God, Gangsta or Glorious) enuff to have done the same kinda thing and pardoned Assata, Mutulu and Lenard Peltier. 

We can hate Trump but he is showing you what a bully cud do with that POTUS pulpit. What if liberals and Progressives were really about "The People"? We cud have had 1 payer health care when the Dems had the Majority but the party sabotaged and came back with this current confused bullshit. 

From a activist perspective I thought Barry cud have de scheduled Weed essentially decriminalized Nationally & on his exit pardoned many from the people's struggle from the 60s/70s and at least let these folks who are now elderly come home to spend last days free with family. This includes Assata & Mutulu Shakur, Lenard Peltier and many more. 

To his credit he did release brothers and sisters who caught those evil ass slave sentences Clinton & Biden pushed. However more cud have been freed. Meech deserved a pardon as well dammit! Fuck who don't like me saying it. I see a bully in Trump and he bullies for his agenda & those that support it. To bad "Dems, Progressives & Liberals" left us hanging like sheets on a clothes line when given the same opportunity. 

Fuck all these liars, frauds and fakes. More regular folks shud attack local politics and run run run like Jessie did twice in the 80s. Just a morning thought. Peace ✊🏿✊🏻✊🏼✊🏽✊🏾

-Killer Mike.
I watch Twin peaks and I dont know what its going on.
Henny wisdom
Fuck your flag Jim.
Why cant he just SHUT THE FUCK UP!
When I got my first "smart" phone I  downloaded a lot porn, which wasnt free. My dad saw the bill and didnt believe what he saw or accept it. Called the company and asked why he has to pay this much money and they pretty much told him what I did.

The worst part was my dad wasnt fluent in this language so he had to use a friend. I'm dying thinking about it.

Thats why I dont watch porn on my phone now even though I pay my own bills lol

Fuck you shady. 
If you have any suggestions we love to hear it, if you got any experience doing podcasts we can use your help. 

Youre all more than welcome if you wanna join us. 
Mods please sticky this for a couple of days or months. Thanks. 
As of now race became class on its own. You should read this.

[Settlers: The mythology of the white proletariat by J Sakai](http://readsettlers.org/settlers.pdf)
Fucker looks like a pig. Americans are disgusting.
Why is she drinking Washington Post "tears"? 

NY Times stans are ridiculous. 
America invented racism. 
Well if dealing drugs and becoming drug addict will make good at sex, Imma become a drug addict. This better get me some ass OP, if I ruin my life and dont get anything; be sure I'll be suing your ass for false advertisement.


I miss talking to you, I know I'm trash and you deserve better.

Hope you can forgive me if youre reading this.
Fuck KD.
RTJ3
Can you believe the incest going on there. Damn Targaryens. 
Dillatronic baby! 
Gave up after the third episode. They need a fucking writer, Marvel sucks anyways. 
Spooky! 


Have you tried with a dude? try it bro you may like it who knows.
Wise man.
Are you fucking a psycho? Why  do you watch this or why do you post them in here?
Cum on their coffee.
They're making Muhammad Ali proud.
Let the record show that u/Fredhamptonsghost forgot how a pussy taste or smells like and unfortunately officially a virgin again.

Pray for this looser fellas.
Why you gotta shame me OP? What did I ever do to you?
I dont know anymore. 
Good.
He's gone.
Fucking rekt!
Getting into jazz rap. Got any recommendations?

on other news, r/nba is trash, that KD thread gave me cancer.
I'm against inviting r/blackladies. 
Skip school and do drugs man. Join us in the high life. 
Look at this bitch.
Religious people are trash.
I'm toxic and should really stay away from people. Fuck!
Chicks dig scars.
Dont read this if you havent see the episode.


[GoT S7 Ep 6 SPOILER](#s "MOTHERFUCKING ICE DRAGON. HOLY SHIT, THE WORLD IS FUCKED NOW.")

Anti fascism is self defence.
Bobby seale and Angela Davis are stil alive reach out to them.
The unsung hero in this was the commentator. 

Hire that dude.
Sweet baby innocent Stalin!


*"Religion was a misstake.*" - Barack Obama.
she thinks she can speak for the black people because she likes to suck black dicks.
[Mayweather Vs. Mcgregor](https://fat.gfycat.com/PrestigiousRadiantHorsefly.webm)
[The avalanches.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu0KsZ_MVBc)



u/Capitan_Amazing

u/TheKreeper

u/E-Miles

u/Chillustrator

u/Uxas

[What do you guys actually do around beside taking space?](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-phJlPxaWAE0/UFkAwmLxfkI/AAAAAAAAAS4/p-KhLkDksdk/s1600/The-Bobs-Office-Space.png) Why dont you step down as mod and go away?
[Power ✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DHOqObWXgAIabka?format=jpg&name=large)
Nicely done but keep working.
Welcome to  my university. You gonna learn a lot.
I mean you could have just tagged the other one as nsfw lol

Thats a phat pussy if I ever seen one. Jeebus! 
Youre assuming that dude care about her racism.
Just remember that our mods work for the feds, be careful.
Football is big in the south and with racists white people.
NSFW tag would be nice, otherwise how can I fap to this. 

Thanks,
I was hungry I ate stil cold frozen pizza with ketchup. 
Made it ma. Top of the World!

Green Bay is good at sprinting too, damn.
Pay me first.
I'm only here to fight the mods dont mind me and maybe beer too.
Can you believe the shitstorm if Oakland goes to the superbowl. I'm smelling the salt from here. 
Oh shit, youre back? How's it going man? 
This system is beyond laughable its absurd. This dude is protecting nazis, the people that want him dead.


I'm not even mad at nazis right now but liberals. They let this happen so dont let them get away. 
https://twitter.com/ap_nfl/status/896046136003145728

lol Fuck the Cowboys. 
He has blood on his hands. I stil cant believe there are people supporting this genocidal lunatic. 

I blame that we didnt had post war trials. 
Lil Wayne, chance the rapper, Gambino, the who, 50 cent, justin Bieber, ariana grande, chris Brown,. 
[I did my part.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Blackfellas/comments/4wcv5y/donate_to_the_man_who_beat_up_dylan_roof_xpost/)
Dominicans are suspect, they're worse than somalis when it comes to colorism.
The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles.

Or "you dont know how to fuck, do you?" Only thing she said during, then told me to get off of her, that was my first lesbian experience. 
This is what socialists want. 
What fresh libertarian hellhole is this?
I do actually. 
Go read a book. 
